## 听力内容
https://toefl.kmf.com/listening/newdrilling/f14j0j
https://toefl.kmf.com/listening/newdrilling/314joj

## 草稿
and it was basically because of Uranium-Lead dating  

why? well as everyone in this class should know we usually look at the 
grand type within sandstone mean actual partail of the sandstone determine where it came from 
Why? [pause] Well, as everyone in this class should know, we usually look at the grain type within sandstone, meaning the actual particles in the sandstone, to determine where it came from.

you can do other things too, like look at the wind or water that brought the grains to the location
and figure out which way was flowing
You can do other things too, like look at the wind or water that brought the grains to their location and figure out which way it was flowing.

but that's only useful up to a point and that's not will beat two geologists did 
But that's only useful up to a point, and that's not what these two geologists did.

Uranium-Lead dating allow them to go about it in an entirely different way
Uranium-Lead Dating allowed them to go about it in an entirely different way.

what they did was they looked at the grains of   and sandstone
What they did was: they looked at the grains of Zircon in the sandstone.

Zircon is a material that contains of Uranium which makes it  very useful for dating purposes
Zircon is a material that contains radioactive Uranium, which makes it very useful for dating purposes.

Zircon starts off the hard level of va this ma than cristal  when Zircon the Uranium inside it begins to change into lead

Zircon starts off as molten magma, the hot lava from volcanoes. This magma then crystallizes. And when Zircon crystallizes, the Uranium inside it begins to change into Lead.
锆石源于熔岩，一种火山喷发的岩浆。这种岩浆随后会凝结。而当锆石凝结时，锆石里面的铀转化成铅。

so if you measure the of Lead in the Zircon grain you can figure out when grain was formed
So if you measure the amount of Lead in the Zircon grain, you can figure out when the grain was formed.


29 end
excuse me professor Thompson i know your office hours are tomorrow,but i was wandering
if you had few minutes free now to discuss something
Uh, excuse me, Professor Thompson. I know your office hours are tomorrow, but I was wondering if you had a few minutes free now to discuss something.

sure john what did you want to talk about?

well i have some quick questions about how to write up the research project i did this semester about 
Well, I have some quick questions about how to write up the research project I did this semester - about climate variations.

oh yes you want to look variations in climate in the ground city area ,right?  how far h
Oh, yes. You were looking at variations in climate in the Grant City area, right? How far along have you gotten?

