## 听力内容
https://toefl.kmf.com/listening/newdrilling/f14j0j

## 草稿
great today i want to talk about a way in which we are able to determine how old a piece of land
or some other geologic feature is. dating techniques
i am gonna to talk about a particular dating technique why ?
analysis
in other words, if you want to know how a land formation was formed,the first thing you probably want to
know is how old it is. it's fundamental
grand canyon
now we  suggests that
we have a pretty good idea of how the grand canyon in the self west united states was formed

Now, we geologists thought we had a pretty good idea of how the Grand Canyon in the southwestern United States was formed.

we knew that *** it *** was formed from sandstone that solidified somewhere between 150 and 300  million years ago

before it's solidified it was just regular sand the centrally  it was part of the dessert  
Before it solidified, it was just regular sand—essentially, it was part of a vast desert.

and until just recently,most of us stopped the sand had come from the antient mountain range 
very close by the flat over time 
And until just recently, most of us thought the sand had come from an ancient mountain range fairly close by that flattened out over time.

that's been conventional for a quite some time
That's been the conventional wisdom among geologists for quite some time.

but now we have learned something different and something surprising using a technique called
unique  dating
But now we've learned something different and quite surprising using a technique called Uranium-Lead Dating.

i should say that uranium-lead dating has been around for a  quite while but there have been some
refirements i will get into this a minute
I should say that Uranium-Lead Dating has been around for quite a while. But there have been some recent refinements—I'll get into this in a minute.

anyway uranium-lead dating has produced some surprises

two geologists discovered that about half of the sand from the grand canyon was actually once part of the
apple  antient mountains 
Two geologists discovered that about half of the sand from the Grand Canyon was actually once part of the Appalachian Mountains
 
that's really eye-opening news since the Appalachian Mountain ranges of course thousands of
to the east of the Grand Canyon 
That's really eye-opening news, since the Appalachian Mountain Range is, of course, thousands of kilometers to the east of the Grand Canyon.

of course, the obvious question is how did that sand end up so far west?

the  is the huge rivers and wind carried the sand west where mixed in with the sand was already there
The theory is that huge rivers and wind carried the sand west where it mixed in with the sand that was already there.

well this was a pretty revolutionary finding 