## 听力内容
https://toefl.kmf.com/listening/newdrilling/114jdj
https://toefl.kmf.com/listening/newdrilling/314joj 9

## 草稿
Ok leaving in early a culture , so let's concentrate on one site and see what we can learn from it. 
OK,we've been talking about early agriculture in the Near East, so let’s concentrate on one site and see what we can learn from it.

let's talk em  i better write that down.
Let’s look at Çatalhöyük … um, I better write that down.

Çatalhöyük that's about as close as we get in english 

it's really the site's in modern turkey and who knows the original  called it
It’s Turkish really--the site’s in modern-day Turkey, and who knows what the original inhabitants called it

anyway Çatalhöyük wasn't the first agriculture settlement in new east but it was pretty early,  settle about 9000 years ago in the nearest period
Anyway, um, Çatalhöyük wasn’t the first agricultural settlement in the Near East, but it was pretty early--settled about 9,000 years ago, in the Neolithic period.

and em the settlement town really lasted about thousand years and grew to a size about ten thousand people
And, uh, the settlement--a town, really--lasted about a thousand years, and grew to a size of about 8 or 10 thousand people.

that's really makes one of the largest towns in the world that time
That certainly makes it one of the largest towns in the world at that time.

one of the things that make the settlement at the size impressive is the time period
One of the things that makes the settlement of this size impressive is the time period...

it’s the Neolithic, remember--the late Stone Age--so the people that lived there had only stone tools--no metals--so everything they accomplished, like building this town, they did with just stone,... plus wood, bricks, that sort of thing.