## 听力内容
https://toefl.kmf.com/listening/newdrilling/014ifj

## 草稿
Hi, ***um*** I really hope you can help me  
That's why I'm here. What can I do for you?  
I'm supposed to do a literature review for my ***psychology*** course.But I'm having a hard time finding articles. I don't even know where to start looking.  
You said this is for your psychology course, right?
~~So you are focusing on?~~ ***So your focus is on***   
Dream interpretation  
Well, you have a focus. So that's already a good start.  
Hmmm.Well there are ***a*** few things, Oh wait. Have you checked to see if your professor put any materials for you to look at on reserve?  
Uh-huh, that's one thing I did know to do.I just copied an article. But I still need 3 more on my topic from 3 different journals.  
~~Let's get you go and looking for those then~~ ***Let’s get you goin’ on looking for those, then.***. We have printed versions of 20 ~~years old~~ ***or so == about*** psychology journals ~~and~~ `in the` reference section.These are ones published `within the` last year. Now `that` I ~~gonna~~ think about it. There is a journal named ~~sleeping~~  `sleep` and dream `dreams`.  
~~Oh~~ yeah, the article I just copied is from that journal.So I `ve gotta` ~~gonna~~ look ~~at another~~ `in other` sources.
Ok, actually most of our material~~s~~ are  `is` available ~~like electronic~~ `electronically` now.You can access psychology databases or electronic journals and articles through the library`'s` computers.   
And if you want`ed` to search ~~it~~ by title with the word dream for example.Just type it in and all the articles with dream `in the` title will come up on the screen.   
17句结束