## 听力内容
https://toefl.kmf.com/listening/newdrilling/c14itj

## 草稿
Ok i'm going to begin this lecture by giving you your next assignment. 
remember i said that ***at*** some point during this semester I wanted you to *** attend an exhibit at the Fairy Street Gallery and *** then write about it.
well the exhibit that i want you to attend is coming up.It's already started in fact. but it'll be 
at the gallery for the next month  ~~would~~ which should give you plenty of time to complete this assignment 
the name of the artist *** exhibiting *** there is Rose Frantzen.
Rose Frantzen's work may be unfamiliar to you since she is a relatively young artist but she's 
got a very unusual style compared ***to*** some ***of the*** artists we ***'ve*** looked at this term .But anyway Frantzen's style is what she herself calls realistic impressionism.

so you've probably studied both of these movements separately ,separate  movements.realism and impressionism in some of your history courses. so who can just sum this up? 

well impressionism started in the late 19 century
the basic impressionist style was very different from earlier styles
it didn't depict the scenes or models exactly as they looked.

impressionist painters tended to apply paint really thickly and in big brushstrokes,so the texture of the canvas was rough.

good, what else, what were the subjects? 

well, a lot of impressionist artists painted everyday scenes like people on the streets and *** in ***
cafes, lots of ~~interesting things~~ *** nature scenes ***, especially landscapes.

good,so when you go to the exhibit I really want you to take a close look at a certain painting.
it's a farm scene and you will see it *** right as you enter *** the gallery.

The reason i think this painting is so important is that ~~the~~ *** it *** stresses the impressionist
aspect of Frantzen's style. 

it's an outdoor scene and everyday scene. it's kind of bleak but you can really see those 
broad brushstrokes  adn the ~~blory~~ *** blurry *** lines

the colors aren't quite realistic , the sky is kind of, well,*** an un*** natural pinkish yellow.
and the *** fence in the *** foreground is blue. 
but somehow the overall scene gives ~~us any~~  *** an *** impression of  a cold bleak winter day
~~of~~  *** on a *** farm.

so that's the impressionist side of her work

oh.and speaking about farms. that reminds me one interesting thing i read about Frantzen is that  
when she first moved back to *** lowa *** after living abroad, she often visited this place in her town
called the sales barn.

and the sales barn, it was basically this place where the local farmers 
bought and sold their cattle, their farm animals

And the reason Frantzen went there and she ~~laid~~ later on would visit other places like dance 
~~hors~~ halls was to observe people and the ways that they moved

she really found that this helped her work that it gave her an understanding of body movements
and actions. how humans move and stand still. what their postures were like too.

so what about realism? what are the elements of realism we should be looking for in Frantzen's work?

erh real honest depictions of subject matter ,pretty unidealized staff and pretty everyday subject matter too

good, one other painting i realy want you to look at is of a young women surrounded by pumpkins

you ~~noticed~~ will notice that the women's face is so realistic looking.that ~~is~~ it's almost like a photograph.

the women's nose is a little less than perfect and her hair's kind of messed up 
this is realism.

but then the background of the painting this women with the pumpkins is wrapped in a blanket of 
broad thick brushstrokes and it's all kinds of zigzagging brushstrokes and lines. kind of chaotic
almost when you look at it close

and there are vibrant colors there is a lots of orange with little hints of electric blue peeking up

i find Frantzen to be a very accessible artist

i mean some artists to appreciate them you have to know their life story.

but here is a little bit about rose Frantzen's life anyway

she attended art school but was told by one of her instructors that she was not good at illustration
that she should go into advertising instead.   

so she took advertising classes and fine art classes too  until she was convinced by the head of an 
advertising agency that her work was really good that she could be an artist. 

but of course it is not as easy as that and so Frantzen had to paint other people's portraits at 
places like art fairs
just to make money to  buy paint for her more serious art work

no matter what she never stopped painting and now Frantzen is doing extremely well
and her work is being shown all over the country

So I think most of us would be discouraged if we had to face challenges and difficulties like that, but what's important is that you keep at it that you don't give up.

that's what's really important to remember
 
